Support for another round comes from square space start building your own Web site today at square space
that come into Africa at another around and check out to get ten percent of the square space
build it beautiful.
Hi
everyone I'm haven't. I'm crazy and welcome to another round with heaven and to see
where night time we're going to be.
So
first of all I'm bringing back the quizzes yet what quiz what we're
going to quiz you on a collective noun I love collective Now
we also have another chapter of these career foreigner
Caribbean paranoid shared by a
species going to change the life of these well for us and then we're going to talk with the would do book
which I still cannot only imagine going to happen. So she's starring at N.B.C.'s The Wiz live which is happening
on December
third so excited and you know her obviously as Crazy Eyes it Casey
than Orange Is The New Black Swan all your wars on Fox and talk me through what I call
the still
feeling.
All
right Tracy are you ready for this collection now this is
just an example of a
collective nouns like the unit of measurement. So you have a murder of
crows this is so
beautiful. It's my favorite collective Now a water love thing but mostly that would be my favorite collectively a
swarm of bees a more common one Yeah I guess the white people as and the like Cracker
Barrel of trees.
You're going to have to guess which is right from the three answers I provided a multiple choice and I hope
you appreciate it. Are you ready. Yes All right so
a blank of ours is it a conspiracy of our luggage Aldrin
of ourselves.
Parliament
of our I know how you feel but I will wait can I just
introduce a bite of what has happened in my at least at a Parliament's about all of us I meant the album like powdered
wig. May already look like they're wearing
no wigs. I think that conspiracy is used to
describe Ravens conspiracy of ravens. So it's either
a parliament or a cauldron. I think out of a creepy
and spooky and they probably practice witchcraft. But wow went out to
be in a cauldron people think out there
smart smart thing off the new government
making decisions
on. What they're supposed to be because they think that there's my.
Parliament that is correct. I do anything logic that
Mark Parle Ideally they should be but here we
are good before my next run a blank affair
it's a shimmy affair is a flawed affair it's my guy
a business
affairs a business.
Shimmy flooded in business.
Kind of weasely moment kinda like booze little wiggly thing when they move on like Jamie
Dornan of Le OK if you had like just like a
shit ton of
fairies just like running through a room it would probably look like what I
write what I look like always I remember going in the shit ton
of May you never be in a room with this
isn't fair to sounds terrifying or a business a business of
fair it's a fair thing and the business
that I'm in a month I slid the answer is
a business is there
in me and I imagine a lot of fair isn't like a
business. No but it's Good morning
Bill morning Bob I'm glad that should we threw you off it did
it did I feel great.
All right next day it was a go an
OK a blank autres a romp of
water frolic of
waters a caper of otters Oh my gosh I went to bees frolic because a frolic
of either sounds like the happiest thing in the world I know even to Jericho
Sorry I don't know nothing about her.
Caper that sounds kind of cool bunch of ideas on a on
a caper like planet some high noon.
Well I wonder how do you feel so the options are a romp of
waters a frolic of authors a keeper of water.
A romp around feel like playful and stuff like go around violence or
that is current right Chad I have to ask you.
Probably because the folks like me River from like is a collective noun for something
a frolic of black girls on the official
mind will fall with the black gold magic.
OK next one.
OK. A blank of journalists a gaggle of journalist.
Promote you to promote a flask of journalist.
Girland is saying is a day and there was a problem oh gee those are the crazy flows right off
the top.
As somebody who pretends to be a journalist non-so likes to drink
you put liquor in the flask and fill a journalist always drinking. The last there's a
right answer for
this and it is
well money and there are also a gaggle and a
people there mostly. All right last
question Tracy in go blank of white
dudes
today. This is definitely a little dictionary this is
not. A start up of white.
Well actually of what I
do or a shard of white.
So this
is clearly a trick question because the answer is all of the of
a that's an acceptable
answer was there actually one specific answer that you
think there wasn't anyone would have been right
and brilliant. All right do you really well
make was I'm
in. Some reason to feel
sometimes
that
we're so excited to have a Stacy Maria Shellback for Stacy's career corner raising the
ball as you all know she is the editor Buzz Feed news apps
both Android and i O S and you can find the buzz you knew that Buzz
Feed dot com slash Tracy what do we got today for Stacey.
So today we're
talking things cover letters the things that you have to write to
convince someone to look at your
resume is no one to hire you. Well I mean you've nailed it right. I got
really annoyed that the first thing I want to like. Stacy
writes about hiring Bronson What did you think it was the was the what it was
about people I saw someone say career you know cover letters are useless in two thousand and fifty and I just lost
my shit like you know the wrong. The point of a cover letter is to help
someone understand why you are interested in this rule. What you would bring to the team if you
got this
rule and I was Tracy said exactly. Now OK that's good enough I'm going to continue this interview
process where. That is I will actually look at your C.V. whether that's I'm going to decide to bring you in for an
interview or a phone screen whatever it
is and so your C.V. is a like a way of selling
your value to the organization that is hiring you and the biggest mistake people make with the cover
letters is based on the same one to every single job that
they're applying Yeah I like definitely sometimes they remember to change the name of the company name but I've been
definitely gotten cover letters if I did that I think you meant to apply suppose
he find. Yeah I don't
like what I've noticed in hiring is that people kind of also just regurgitate
their resume right that I'm not interested like that I think that there's a certain point where resumes kind
of blend together like you can't really tell one from the latter.
And why do you want this specific job. Why do you want to work for this team at this
company and it's not but you know I'm applying to work on the news up teams I'm really interested in television.
Like
I can help you because there's objectively nothing I can do for
you you know or just like I want to work with us because it's really cool.
Yes but like what do you want to
do what are you interested in you know what the and what do you knew about this team and this job
because sometimes that's hard you know there are certain jobs that you know they're out there and all the information they can possibly get
is what is on the website or what the right job
description for other companies where you have lots of employees on social media to think about things they do
all the or you know there's been a recent interview with somebody. The person you'd
probably be working for
with the more that you can refer to what you know about the organization what it
stands for what its challenges are what they're trying to achieve that makes you a much more compelling
candidate than somebody who's like my objective is to find a job that is satisfying
you know. Where I can be a team player I
can say that enough like specificity is so important and really tell who is applying for this
specific job but I've also done that I've done it before
like yeah I'm going to say that I've ever been hired me thank God I actually like this is my two year as me as
my media. On this my babysitting. Yeah I mean
the total power move is customizing your C.V. to match the cover letter to match the
job you know and that is I have looked for jobs it is incredibly time consuming it's horrible it's even worse when you don't
have one and you're trying to
get one of those work when you're in the middle of the recession like I was and you know it
is really really hard but sometimes that little extra first thing that is going to mean somebody
is going to read what you have sent and you will get that phone call that you might not always have but how do you do that
for jobs
that people are really passionate about.
I don't like how about you about jobs like I am of the prisons are you going to learn what you do like out of a
high class situation if you are loving what you do every like memoria or
two you know but it's you know it's a passion is often seen as like a defining
characteristic for me it's not it's interest. You know like do you want to do this thing like do you want to do
this thing well cool. You don't have to come to work every day be like the greatest thing that ever happened to me if
it is fantastic but if it is not it's a job and people deserve to earn
money. Yes people deserve money that
question
reminded me of a tweet that I was saying in Devon town I can't remember like exactly what I say that with and then like
so tell me why you want to work at McDonald's and the prices like I'm just really passionate
about inflaming the need so
many mixers can be delicious and when the machine works. So the
big takeaways are specificity research research.
How do you convey why you are suited to this particular thing it can
be hard to do that in your C.V. so the cover letter is a real opportunity to say you're asking for X. not only to
have X. I like. X. on steroids.
What is the most common mistake you see the most common mistake I
see is not telling me what you are interested in doing and or why you're applying for this
job right and so it's just as you say regurgitating the C.V. The second most common is
not proofreading your damn Colu when people spell my name wrong when
they're applied to the hiring manager and I are like well I don't I can't tell
you instantly. Failed to count when you're not a
thing or you know they miss you know one of the things about both feet is like capital B. capital
F. and so when people do the lower case of what kind
of offended when you catch those mistakes the like instantly throw those out I
don't I always I mean I I try to appreciate the hold on the application but you
know in an editorial position attention to detail is really really important or it's about I'm definitely one of the
things that you look at if you are applying to somebody to be a journalist and even their first point about location is
full of mistakes it's often a red flag.
God bless thank you so listeners you may now get up get out and get a
job you know Well as always you
can follow the summer yet. On Twitter at Ask underscore and underscore all right and
you can follow her work on the bus you knew that that was that time flash news that. Yeah. And as
always you can ask questions or general topics or anything you want to hear from
Stacy basically e-mail us at another round at
Buzzie dot
com
So we are very excited today to have those I would do that in the studio with
us starring in N.B.C.'s The ways live
on December third you probably know her as crazy eyes on orange and
black if you don't what's wrong with you when you know I really love that you laid everything she's
won all the awards. Most notably that you're the only actress to want to have one both a drama and
comedy Emmy for the same role and that's in addition to like.
Critics' Choice Award screen actor you know the
list goes on anyway it's very very welcome to
the show. Thank you thank you
so much ladies for having me. So we like to start our show by asking everyone what do you do and why.
On many ways he's a diva. I'm an actress I
know my name is a diva and I'm an artist. Oh
and I do it because I have
to can you elaborate on that a little bit like happier would NOT thing.
Live breathe inhabit stay inside my body. If I did not make
art create art do something artistic in some way. So in order for me
to breathe I
guess I make art. That was poetic and beautiful.
You say in many interviews that the day that you learn that you got the role for orange the new black like
earlier that very day you decided to quit acting. And a lot of that was because
of the just like there's just like not a lot of roles for people who look like us.
Yes correct. And I was very struck that rather then be like
I should to assimilate somehow I should be more of what these people want you was like nah I'm just
going to go be a lawyer you know like
yeah it seems that the thought of like assimilating or like changing anything about you was like never ever
ever an option and that you would never have
or not in my adult life. No I think
like the struggle. I mean whatever we live in a society patriarchal society
where their ideas that are thrust at us in every walking path of how a girl
woman is meant to look right. And
that's why I was not you know insulated from
that and then to layer on top of that I think the fact that
I also
possess very African
Future at a young age I went through those
wars as girls do and then I think I had that added layer of like
Oh not only on my you know a black girl but I'm
also like Carrie all this other stuff with the gap and the the nose and the color the
color and all this
stuff and. That really kind
of stopped for me. Somewhere right around
like high school. Now in hindsight I recognize that my mom
was constantly like she had
all he turned on me like was really like this thing you
feel is not correct. Like I must have been radiating off of me.
So you know I mean that's I was just like a teen tween right that was
years ago you said radiating everywhere radiating
really really tough and I was you know and you're like I'm not well enough I'm
too tall I'm not realizing like too tall. So you're going to be a model basically
to try to go to all these things you know but you don't show appreciation for when
you're young. So what was the transition. Well for me I don't I just remember
like my mother for example with my gab. I want to braces like a crazy
person when you get a break because you know I just wanted them I kept asking constantly constantly fondly.
She's like now and I remember sitting me down and she was
like Don't you know you have on your cool go up to her and made
my mom and him just like you have on your cool. She's like all the people in my family
think
oh I was the only one born without decision and in Nigeria adopted
this form of beauty in the form of with so. Free to close this thing is
for you to clean schools yourself from who you are. Don't ask me again for this
thing like All right ladies that.
You know and that's sort of the ice. That's not to say that like she said that I was like You're right
might not be right what's for dinner like you
know like it wasn't that
but it was she said that I remember I still had a
position on it but then I remember distinctly I went to get my senior portrait
pictures from high school taken the
photographer. I was just I have to do the work to find this man I just sent him a card because it like
really changed my life. He was changing. Still I'm changing ships whatever.
And we would be talking in between. Shots and I'd be laughing and be like
ah bright Smiley right like why you can see my gap and then as soon as he would point the camera shoot I
would close my mouth and have this
like some big smile on my face that was hiding my gap and I have so
many pictures of myself like that growing up where my mom would always smile smile and
I'd be like that might be beautiful an idea but we live in medical Right
now you know and the so going back to the photographer he was like How come
every time you smile when I'm taking a picture you close your mouth like that you know
I wasn't answering right away sort of being a little bit cagey and he was like
why why and finally I said you know I don't like my gap and he had his
camera and he was you know changing the film and he just said to me he was
like I think you have a beautiful smile. And it's not the
first time I'd ever heard that my mom had been saying that for years but
for some reason when he said it I heard it
for in a new way for the first time.
And it's not like that moment. Again I changed my smile because if you look at
here big picture it's a close enough
smile but I because we took those pictures the summer before senior year I
did that year I remember I just started smiling all the
time and should pictures like I just started smiling and I'd be saying I thought I was
like I have a beautiful smile. I could eat a full smile and so like now whenever I'm even
doing carpets and stuff like it's sometimes hard for me to likes
my feelings about like I want
to smile because I feel like I'm making up for lost Miles there are so many years that little girl did not
because she felt like she
was less. And she is not. She is just
as worthy and so no not in my adulthood I'm on the sort
of train and have been for some time now I refuse to
allow anybody to rob me of who I
am. I was beautiful at least. So I don't know if you've been watching as
these I'm sorry new Netflix show master of none. So there's this episode the parents episode.
Yeah which is basically all about immigrant getting you know how you feel like you
don't even really know your parents all the sacrifices they
made you know my parents moved to a town where there
were very few people of color and when I say very few I think.
The number could be counted on one hand not even you know one hundred people that's a
very few I'm talking maybe five families all
together at best and they all know each other absolutely they all got together and
we did always so they met in the
grocery store. My parents particularly my mother
fought the very very hard
road of ensuring her children's
safety and equality. These are people who
came from a country in the midst
of a civil war who were not about to let
their dreams for
their children be anyway railroaded because of someone's
racial prejudice. You know I mean that's just not going to happen and my parents also instilled it also a very
very clear understanding of who we are as
people and that you are not to allow anybody to second
guess or make you feel inadequate or insignificant in anything away just based on
the colors skin. That's not going to happen and I think that training.
I think my mom was exceptionally good at training our
community through her own level of confidence and strength that
it wasn't going to
be tolerated that everybody had to get on board. As a child of
Nigerian immigrants like their have you like later as an adult like learn some like wild
stories your parents have gone through my parents have gone through I mean surviving a war.
Yeah well yeah. Yeah I mean
that's definitely in there right there I mean I mean my mom
has lived five lives that I'm not even
certain one of them the strength of ten men could survive
but she you know I learned growing up I remember my mom had
polio and. Yeah I was told she would never walk again she did
I was told she was a cripple and that she would not be able to play sports not only do
that not true she went on to go and
play tennis. In college I went on to become the women's singles West African
champion
and I learned that about her top story I thought was entirely untrue my whole
life fabricated until she came back from Nigeria with the truth.
I got I was like oh it didn't happen.
Those
are stories you know that's definitely stories like that and you start to
learn like about like just like the mountains that she's managed to climb on
that crippled leg. You're like wow I can't
even I hope to live up to be a tenth of the woman you
are was beautiful.
I was researching some of your your athletic background you know you were a figure
skater for ten years correct. And also like a Star
Trek track runner. Yes I ran. Yes I ran track and you know a single black person
goes figure skating that. I don't know either.
How did you get into
that you know what that started. OK so my hometown I was
I came home from school one day and I was a flyer you know teachers give you like flyers or whatever to like
your
parents I as a true Nigerian brought all of those
flyers home. And
diligently brought them home and one of them was a learn to
skate flyer which I brought and I was like Mommy can we do
learn to skate and she was like OK And so she put myself my younger sister me over.
And I guess I
just took to it which I'm sure because my mom off to some degree
because she's like I have no interest in being in
the office. But
yeah we went my brother and I Chichi was like This is for the birds because she
was like I'm out but my younger brother always a teacher you know every
night you know yesterday I believe you know she she's a nickname though. Yeah you
know there's always a teacher just nickname was something yeah I was we have to thank God you
know something. Yeah. And so
my teacher who in our family is Teacher number one could be
something she was like I'm out but my younger brother and I really
were into it and I like the I just remember it was like
I felt like flying like you could just
like race down the ice and
the speed of it. I like the adrenaline of it and the race and
the wind of the the the feeling of the win. You know like breezing past
your face and it's like a cold. I remember that feeling and then like being able to
jump always
felt like lift I don't know I just always had the ceiling of if I could fly. That's
what flying feels like well you know the only thing that's really
even come close I guess to that has never ever has been
acting and performing Do you feel like that a lot of background informs your
work. Great question in part
I think the part of it while the physical element definitely in
my body I try to use my body in my work as best I can on
like feel comfortable in it it has definitely given
me a focus. You know like just
and staying focused and I think that's just in life being focused on what you're doing and less focus on
what anybody else is involved in you know one of my coaches in college she's to always say.
Stay in your lane and
then one day she you know she would execute a full and fight yeah you have talked about that advice on Ari
Yeah
about staying in your lane and you know what here's the thing stay in your lane focus on your lane your job is not
to look back that's where you started your job is to look forward where you finish and you know that every single
time when you turn your head left or right to see what's going on with anybody else beside you take
a tenth of a second of your time now I ran sprint. I was a hundred meter
runner and say Miles a tenth of a second doesn't feel like
much when I was my coach speaking little bit like much but in
sprints a tenth of a second is the difference between first and last.
Write this and you're so
busy thinking about what's happening in the lane next to you are
giving them your race. Don't give anybody a race stay in your
line and I let's switch it up a little bit and talk about
this teeny tiny little live show that you're doing called the with the widow no if anyone
listening is sort of I feel like a horrible black person because I have not really
ever haven't Nazim I'm sorry I'm sorry to say that that's OK I'm sorry he'll be alive so
I'm don't don't don't feel horrible. You
know you are playing Glinda the Good Witch. Yes yes I think
about the cast is freakin incredible. Yeah OK glad he's
in it. Yes he was in it. Komin I think.
David Alan Grier. Oh he's the any a man like he is I'm so excited.
Do you get starstruck around folks like this because I would be a mess. Yeah. Well I mean
it's yes and
here's the reason why I like. Not one person just listed. Do I
not know and respect and truly you know a fan of their work
you know like Queen Lottie Queen Latifa first of
all has her unscented so many different areas in
entertainment that I mean it's you can can you not admire her and respect her
and love what she has done does stand for. Mary J. Blige
the first CD I ever bought with my own money was
my room where you do a lot of records you know to when I say I bought
my
life to get out of well I was like I'm glad I didn't have
the as I said I was
like literally getting like this woman is singing to me
right this is my song you
know how did she get in my head. Like the first record I ever bought.
So yeah and then David Alan Grier from In Living Color that whole area and up to
his stage work using RE time Tony nominee I know him at that address did not know.
Yes he is and I yell grad like he's a brilliant brilliant actor nominal actor
and addition to being
a brilliant comedian and has been for so long.
These are people that I've watched looked up to
loved and admired. Yes you do and it's it's this thing where
you use in a state of disbelief I think what I'm
like and I'm and I'm among that list of names that we
just said that's one reason he like
literally crazy. What's your favorite song from the movie. OK.
I mean I love. Well maybe by a source like an affair I love my song but I
do generally I just like lyrically I like the words on that again thing much of your referencing home.
No Believe in yourself. Oh I love that song that like just the words.
Stay with me lyrically but I also really love the song be a lie and
I love that song and I also loved brand new day. I
mean how do you not start wanting to Alvin Ailey when you thought it was a movie.
You want to you want to peel off that your costume and like to be. Yeah
I love
that.
Like there certain things certain activities that you cannot do and be in a bad mood. One
of those you know I sometimes get it
right that I like him but just frowning. Yeah you can.
Yeah and then another as it was in the brain today heaven I'm so excited. Yes You know I'm so
high that excitedly. Yes has to get into it it's going to be.
So you've done a lot of
amazing projects. No matter if you dream dream projects roll dream.
I'm not sure if they're written
yet. What should we or I tell it for you. You know I've
always said and this has been my truth since I started in the.
I want to tell the stories of the
missing. It's impossible for me to believe that when
I flip through the pages of our history or our
president that. So many faces are absent.
It's impossible for me to believe that even if it's a story we have seen before. Maybe the
intricacies of it aren't the same and I'm interested in seeing and
representing those stories of
loss interested in like what I've seen happen
before I'm more interested in the people and places I've never seen before in that order or
if it is something we've seen before done in a new way like again like like taking the with for
example this week everybody's going to see these
characters some of them reinvented and introduced in a way that we've never seen them before like we've never
seen a whiz as a woman played by Queen Latifa we've never seen this is.
This is the Di Dia of glitter the good witch this is like the Queen of the south right like played this way
with Gap and all non-O. closed mouth miles happening there you know
that's I think exciting in that that's what I want to see happen. I'd like to see
more of that more and more and more and more of that that's a. Fighting to me.
So excited for the last reduction of the ways I feel like
not many people know that you seem like are a classically trained singer and I thought
even fewer people know that you seeing opera
you it was oh my god
I didn't take the sleigh is what I'm going
to
Children's.
Heaven
was like your
story always OK so back in my pre casting people as the days
and hobby a blogger right. Like a million live. Half a million free
live islands out of my computer anyway at one point I decided I needed one websites like kind
of with all these labs and was nice to get there.
I'm a mom with
a it was awful. The lawyers looking website it
was like one like the basic aware
press symbol it somethin I
like to try to make my own moon logo. Oh in like Microsoft Word
All right as
long as it would be really really horrible.
You know what you see there's a solution to this problem. Tell me what have you heard
of where actually I have no idea what I'm saying it's only square space that existed
back in one thousand seventy three let me see my web site by my
old experience grow my spirit but it would have been so much
easier with quaint
sage tightlipped professionally designed regardless of skill level. Mine was
not there was no coding required which would have been perfect for me the intuitive and
easy schools would have made it a breeze use. So if you're looking to build a website start your free
trial today at square space dot com And if you sign up for a full year you get a domain name
is Grady ninety
nine three ninety nine and everybody loves free money and
stuff and when you sign up. Yes Make sure to use off we're told another round and get him person off of you for
a purpose and it's to express your deep and abiding love for us.
Yes. Which is more important message even more Everybody wins and
specially you because now you have a website that Chennai to see if you can see the
future where it
saves lives.
So we literally have like seventy pages questions that we will have to continue asking you but we are going to
switch directions and do a segment that we call pew pew pew pew these fingers
and I got a hole in the brain and that's
our very random Rapid Fire section question ready. Love it. OK
go so heaven is going to her first Nigerian
wedding that's your SO EXCITED. Wow I've never been to a wedding
that was an Ethiopian wedding. Wow Well I'll say in advance then you're welcome.
You know what can I expect to see at a Nigerian wedding. Everything that you see
people who were never invited. Do
you expect to
see people trying to outdo the bride and her mother.
I expect to see a fab you LA city hall
or style gray. Yes. Maki with
Frank from makeup.
Oh that's going to wow
you Nigerians know how to do this is these are facts all these are
facts you can look it up in both of our children in school after of world history
comes dress. You know you extrude
expect to see people dressed in uniform like there will be people like friend mother of the
bride will have her friends who some of her friends who are like her people
from her state where she is. From who will be dressed in a uniform color
isn't a traditional
dress and people from the father's side some of those people will be dressed in
traditional color more food than you
could ever imagine but don't expect to get the heaps of it because of
those go to the elders like truly go to the elders I've never been to a
wedding where they have like a check for fish or check for chicken. That's so
weird why do you like that we don't do
that list last night Syrians do not like we
have that sometimes about like we like prepared food like Niger traditional traditional
food though it is but I know that I
have yet to be at a
wedding that talk to Nigerians letting it loose on a hearing
what OK I am planning on sneaking into this wedding
with you know also expect for somebody to set you up with I'm pretty
good I guess out there however common human thing. Have
you been to Nigeria have you been to the homeland. Yeah I mean do you remember what your first trip was
like the first the most
memorable saying. It was the first time because we went
home and in the village ability the you know our family was so excited that
we were coming. The kids that they
WERE THEY WANT TO KILL KILL KILL goat.
And because I've never seen people kill goat in real life yet and we were still too young
and Americanize the that sort of thing they made us all stay inside the
house and we were like wanking we don't like what's happening like it was a big you know sort
of affair and you could like I remember it's like almost like giraffe we're seeing the first
traffic part where it's like they bring the
goat just like a god yeah it's like tied to that she
doesn't like a
concept like that was basically what it was like a mound and there was like a goat tied up there all day and
then like suddenly we weren't allowed to play outside we had to be in five. We were all like trying to like looking like
the onset of. No And then like you heard like screaming billy goat scream and then like we
came outside of the earth like no go to
call but I got a very similar experience.
Oh yes I
see Koko Yeah. Yeah cow and sometimes cows sometimes
count them times I've seen cow films but we also know that you are very into The
Real Housewives
franchise. OH MY GOD I'M ADDICTED What did you
have same a franchise in which I have a cast. That's like asking me who is my
favorite child. I have and am I paying for only his car.
OK this is so tough because here is why it's tough let me explain to you why it's
tell because most people when they say they love The Real
Housewives have like one maybe two that they watch so it's like a home only to be
between two. Yeah I watch. Everyone and like
wow. The only one I don't watch is Miami and the
reason is because I sell so far behind like it feels
like I would be writing it and I'm a very kind Yeah
exactly like when I work at that sheet and I'm like six episodes times twenty.
That's a lot of time I don't know if I have those one hundred hours. You know like yeah yeah. So
like let's be like clear I'm not
happy with that that to say that.
My favorite is Atlanta New Jersey New
York I literally know why I'm saying this is
top of mind like OK here's the full candor admission this
past week. I have been working between orange and the was you know going back
and forth between the two and every free
moment been spent catching up on this season. I remember
how so I see and I mean like well thank you but
I was really I've been going to. God supremely late I had already
in the morning called Going to bed at one o'clock when how dare you know business like because
I'm four episodes deep into this finale that I'm caught up in the brooks Ayers drama
does he does he not
have cancer. I thought I was right. I don't know
but like my favorites are. Me I loved me
and he was great this
past season though I mean he fell off that it was a little challenging but I did love to
those one liners. I love the Bethany
Frankel I love tongue is what I like it's like the one liners. Yeah.
Lisa
Vanderpump all sold give me what I need. I mean
there's there's not much you could quiz me on between them. That I wouldn't have an answer
for if you want a one liner for me I mean I can give you anything you need. Oh my God what are some of your
favorite one liners Oh my gosh I mean the one liners keep from Mimi's
I don't keep up with the Joneses I am
the joke. The land of Adela's
steps on New York where she says to Alex you know you came you came down here in
your home in Munster shoes and Alex says they were lose a ton and then very quickly
the Countess fires back will even Louie Vito makes mistakes.
You know
maybe they're amazing like I think I did tune in for that. Wow So next
time you come back. Yeah I'm claiming this that you will be back we will have an extensive
write housewifely is OK it's already there enough for you. All right. Yeah.
So the lid is coming up. Orange Is The New Black is still happening. What else is on your radar
that should be on our radar and what's coming up for me I'm after you finish the
with I'm taking some few weeks off because I'm
saying yes yes girls do
go and moving to London to go to play in the West
and of
course pick up a
slab called the maids. It's a three hander which I'm really excited for.
It's a very very dense play and it's not three hundred three hundred three
people three hundred and then I think I'm on one hand and they're five hand or
five hand or it goes to formal then I just finished work on this movie.
This is.
I
just finished work on this movie called American past
oral which
was such an incredible expect I can't even explain how incredible this experience
was to do with with myself. Ewan McGregor who also
directed Jennifer Connelly and Dakota Fanning and I'm sorry
David Strathairn as
well and that will be coming out. I guess next year usually takes a movie like that to come out.
That's my
gig right and work and the people find you on social media if they want to follow you. Yes you
can find me on Instagram. It was a DO YOU SEE A
D A or I'm on Twitter all of them are the same
as Twitter and
Facebook so that also everybody make sure that you check out in V.C.S.
the wiz laugh on December third if you have not seen it before like you have been it's
OK just come with an open heart leader's name behind you it's great thank
you come back all the
time. Yes we love to you are not God We want to hear how the wedding goes oh my god I'm so
excited that when I go away is that so I'm so excited.
I'm so excited so so excited because when I was going to
be
were you buying round for
Tracy buying around for the holiday season and a
lot
of love holidays. I love Thanksgiving and
Christmas specifically is just so much good food and holidays are always like
a big deal in my family I grew up in a house and with my mother and my grandmother
my brother and my granny was there like all of our kids would come over and bring all their kids in it
so much food. I would give a shit ton the presents and I was little nobody's made it
that I'm a sucker for like corny
stuff. Was corny or the malaise A is zero
like thing and stupid Christmas carols I love Christmas carols and dislikes. Been
in just ridiculous amounts of money then she said Oh yeah I actually sing Christmas carols in the wild.
No I haven't either. I hear that that actually happens though the white people really
just like some of these doors and then just let it get there when care about
you know what do you have
to stand and listen to all your doing this before
thought they are and they be doing
medleys like oh this is not done we're going to a different place is
called
out that you just let all the heat in your house out. That's going to affect my my utility
bill seem very functional anyway I'm very excited for the holidays
the day after Thanksgiving I start with the Christmas songs on repeat
again
everybody wanted one and I am like I'll be it working like a stupid Santa
hat and lying about your antlers I have so many Christmas back with this. And the like nudging everyone
Where's your Christmas spirit. Got our why did you allow other people to be miserable if they would like
to but if I'm like you like you might want to
smile live music yes song I wish I would do it walk around.
OK so and oh but. When one time when did you know
it didn't turn out very well for me so many of the
more nice long story when I had to get inside here but. Yeah I'm
excited for the cold weather and eggs and eggnog is the question about
a graphic novel such
a bad rap it is. Horrible I'm going to buy you a bottle of Evan Williams
money. I mean what I will drink what you want. I think I think you'll like it is so
good so well that I was around for eggnog around eggnog for
the holidays and you're creative. So you've been around for.
I am buying around for soup.
And I love food. I would not expect my action.
I do enjoy soup to I love soup season. Soup so like a
weird food because it's like. It can be mad like food. You know in the mad
liquidy
and chicken noodle soup is what people eat when they're like sick. Yes sometimes you need like a good chili.
Yeah you to lunch tolls. Out or no.
One might say I would not be gosh. I feel like I don't even know you anyway.
But there are just so many varieties I'm very impressed with what we as a people collectively have done
with soups. Do you have a favorite type
of you know I can't say very do. I hope it is so many do
you consider Chiles.
What else is it categorically it's chilly. Releasing is
the I so we acted show my God this
is
an instant conversation because we in our chili my mother I was
Pittsburgh getting old and chilling. So I think I think of it as like
a past tense in that respect
but if there's no noodles in it then you just have like the meat and like beings if you do beans.
Is there like the Seleka slurping situation happens in Chile. OK
this is
I'm sorry I haven't thought that much I want to make a conflict.
What I really like about soup is that the main aim is comes from the sound that
you make
when
you know so shout out to soup
in all its varieties for being to get to.
All
right now we have officially done it. We made it through and
there and then the episode. Thanks to who's so freakin Aduba who
I can't believe was just sitting like in his own way he saw me he like my fingernails embody the
wave angel it thinks it was up with happen by Thank you
to Optimus Prime Of course. Thank you to
the and thank you to the PA was
Oh
God show is produced by illiterate Kagan with editorial oversight from Jenna Weiss
Berman with production help from Julia Furlan make
Kramer Impalas absence thank you to no Rico Okabe who has been a top
notch job filling his shoes I'm got a little dance while we let's do it man.
Thank you to Jean Grey our in-house musician and to Don will of the Almighty tell you
more again you can follow Jean Grey on Twitter at teen Greeley and you can follow Don
will at Don will as usual you can find us on Twitter and Facebook at another
round and e-mail us at another round at buzzy dot com if you like the show radius from i
Tunes don't like the show to himself or just what is
going on with not only on the right. If you like the show also tell a
friend if they're trying to ignore their family this holiday season. There are hours
of our show the kids.
Drink some water and eating all the foods this holiday season. Call your first there because
the plan. Yes And let us know how it goes.
I love tweets that say I just made my face therapy appointment I'm thinking of
making it there if you appointment.
I love to see those tweets. I am a great cheerleader. I'm proud of everybody. You've got to let us
be proud of you let us know if you already have a therapist
congratulation yet for real but on the fact that it was
not if you have meds take them. I'm doing poorly at
that at the moment I have a new old.
Excited that will not.
Stretch up your data engage in a
holiday argument at the dinner
table
image again I hand
the official collective
noun
and.